A red colored car.
A black colored car.
A pink colored car.
A black colored dog.
A red colored dog.
A blue colored dog.
A green colored banana.
A red colored banana.
A black colored banana.
A white colored sandwich.
A black colored sandwich.
An orange colored sandwich.
A pink colored giraffe.
A yellow colored giraffe.
A brown colored giraffe.
A red car and a white sheep.
A blue bird and a brown bear.
A green apple and a black backpack.
A green cup and a blue cell phone.
A yellow book and a red vase.
A white car and a red sheep.
A brown bird and a blue bear.
A black apple and a green backpack.
A blue cup and a green cell phone.
A red book and a yellow vase.
A horse riding an astronaut.
A pizza cooking an oven.
A bird scaring a scarecrow.
A blue coloured pizza.
Hovering cow abducting aliens.
A panda making latte art.
A shark in the desert.
An elephant under the sea.
Rainbow coloured penguin.
A fish eating a pelican.
One car on the street.
Two cars on the street.
Three cars on the street.
Four cars on the street.
Five cars on the street.
One dog on the street.
Two dogs on the street.
Three dogs on the street.
Four dogs on the street.
Five dogs on the street.
One cat and one dog sitting on the grass.
One cat and two dogs sitting on the grass.
One cat and three dogs sitting on the grass.
Two cats and one dog sitting on the grass.
Two cats and two dogs sitting on the grass.
Two cats and three dogs sitting on the grass.
Three cats and one dog sitting on the grass.
Three cats and two dogs sitting on the grass.
Three cats and three dogs sitting on the grass.
A train on top of a surfboard.
A wine glass on top of a dog.
A bicycle on top of a boat.
An umbrella on top of a spoon.
A laptop on top of a teddy bear.
A giraffe underneath a microwave.
A donut underneath a toilet.
A hair drier underneath a sheep.
A tennis racket underneath a traffic light.
A zebra underneath a broccoli.
A banana on the left of an apple.
A couch on the left of a chair.
A car on the left of a bus.
A cat on the left of a dog.
A carrot on the left of a broccoli.
A pizza on the right of a suitcase.
A cat on the right of a tennis racket.
A stop sign on the right of a refrigerator.
A sheep to the right of a wine glass.
A zebra to the right of a fire hydrant.
A storefront with 'Hello World' written on it.
A storefront with 'Diffusion' written on it.
A storefront with 'Text to Image' written on it.
A storefront with 'NeurIPS' written on it.
A storefront with 'Deep Learning' written on it.
A storefront with 'Google Brain Toronto' written on it.
A storefront with 'Google Research Pizza Cafe' written on it.
A sign that says 'Hello World'.
A sign that says 'Diffusion'.
A sign that says 'Text to Image'.
A sign that says 'NeurIPS'.
A sign that says 'Deep Learning'.
A sign that says 'Google Brain Toronto'.
A sign that says 'Google Research Pizza Cafe'.
New York Skyline with 'Hello World' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'Diffusion' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'Text to Image' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'NeurIPS' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'Deep Learning' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'Google Brain Toronto' written with fireworks on the sky.
New York Skyline with 'Google Research Pizza Cafe' written with fireworks on the sky.
A triangular purple flower pot. A purple flower pot in the shape of a triangle.
A cube made of denim. A cube with the texture of denim.
An illustration of a small green elephant standing behind a large red mouse.
A stack of 3 books. A green book is on the top, sitting on a red book. The red book is in the middle, sitting on a blue book. The blue book is on the bottom.
An emoji of a baby panda wearing a red hat, green gloves, red shirt, and green pants.
